Update OpenTelemetry dependencies (#528)
grafana/grafana-opentelemetry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased version

> ## 1.6.2

Author: ```suggestion
## 1.7.0
```

    ([#7061](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7061))
  * Fixed `BaggagePropagator` to trim optional whitespace (OWS) around `=`
    separators when parsing the `baggage` header, as required by the
    [W3C Baggage specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/baggage/).
    ([#7009](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7009))
  * Fixed `BaggagePropagator` to strip baggage properties (e.g. `;metadata`)
    from values when parsing the `baggage` header.
    ([#7009](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7009))
* Use 1.15.3 of OpenTelemetry.Exporter.OpenTelemetryProtocol ([#528](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/528))
  * `OtlpLogExporter` now uses `IHttpClientFactory` on .NET 8+, matching the
    behaviour of the trace and metrics exporters.
    ([#7109](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7109))
  * Fixed an issue in persistent storage cleanup where malformed `.blob`, `.tmp`,
    or `.lock` filenames could throw and interrupt maintenance.
    ([#7108](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7108))

>   * Fixed an issue in OTLP/gRPC retry handling where parsing gRPC status.

Author: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue in OTLP/gRPC retry handling when parsing gRPC statuses.
```
